== README

This is a simple application, made in a hurry.

It's a ticket tracking system, so that users can submit work tickets, technicians can document progress and
mark their assignments as completed, and management can track statistics on the whole shebang.


You can check out a demo here: http://guarded-earth-8637.herokuapp.com/


There's a lot still in progress here.

I'm using PostGres in development and production. It's a bit industrial, I think, but I really want to do this quickly
and I don't want surprises going from one environment to another.

Make sure you install the pg gem and all its dependencies before spinning this guy up in the typical Rails fashion, i.e.,

bundle install

rake db:create

rake db:schema:load

Let me know about bugs! I know this code isn't the prettiest but I'm trying to keep it fairly DRY.

I don't have tests in place yet (gasp, monocle pop) but that'll probably be cukes.

Going to use this for outgoing email: https://support.google.com/a/answer/2956491 (SMTP is easy.)
I can hook up the authentication into LDAP. I've used Rails's built-in authentication with bcrypt for this implementation.

Going to use POSTGRES' native search once I have all my tables defined: http://robots.thoughtbot.com/implementing-multi-table-full-text-search-with-postgres

Ruby's got some built in stuff that will make a listener easy: http://www.ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.1.2/libdoc/net/pop/rdoc/Net/POP3.html

I really oughta be putting this all in the 'Issues' thing huh
